workinggroup-reports/curator_group/Performance_of_Curator_Lead_1048-Igrex.md, before:

# Performance of Curator Lead `1048-Igrex`

## Provided Reports

| Links           | Date       | Note
|---------------------|---------|----------|
| [curator_Lead_Report_SP#6.csv](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/workinggroup-reports/curator_group/curator_Lead_Report_SP%236.csv) | 09 May 2021 | Checked videos (period 6)| 
| [curator_Lead_Report_SP#6.md](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/workinggroup-reports/curator_group/curator_Lead_Report_SP%236.md)   | 09 May 2021  | Report Github |
| [curator_Lead_Report_SP#8.csv](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/workinggroup-reports/curator_group/curator_Lead_Report_SP%238.csv) | 20 June 2021 | Checked videos (period 8) |
| [curator_working_group_evaluation.md](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/workinggroup-reports/curator_group/curator_working_group_evaluation.md) | 09 May 2021 | Report Github |
| [Report Lead Curator Group for Scoring Period 6](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?replyIdx=2) | 26.04.2021 - 09.05.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Curator Working Group Report 1](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=3) | 10.05.2021 - 16.05.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Curator Working Group Report 2](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=5) | 10.05.2021 - 16.05.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Report Lead Curator Group for Scoring Period 7](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=5) | 26.04.2021 - 09.05.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 3](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=6) | 24.05.2021 - 30.05.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 4](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=7) | 31.05.2021 - 06.06.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Report Lead Curator Group for Scoring Period 8](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=8) | 24.05.2021 - 06.06.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 5](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=9) | 07.05.2021 - 13.06.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 6](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=10) | 14.05.2021 - 20.06.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Report Lead Curator Group for Scoring Period 9](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=11) | 07.06.2021 - 20.06.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 7](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=12) | 21.06.2021 - 27.06.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 8](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=13) | 28.06.2021 - 04.07.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Report Lead Curator Group for Scoring Period 10](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=14) | 21.06.2021 - 04.07.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 9](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=16) | 05.07.2021 - 11.07.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 10](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=17) | 12.07.2021 - 18.07.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Report Lead Curator Group for Scoring Period 11](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=18) | 05.07.2021 - 18.07.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 11](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=19) | 19.07.2021 - 25.07.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 12](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=20) | 26.07.2021 - 01.08.2021 | On-chain forum |

## Content Curator Lead Report (Statistics)

| Links           | Date       | Note
|---------------------|---------|----------|
| [Video Statistic Overview for Council Term: 10](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/472?replyIdx=1) | 22.06.21 - 29.06.21 | On-chain forum | 
| [Video Statistic Overview for Council Term: 11](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/472?replyIdx=2) | 29.06.21 - 03.07.21 | On-chain forum | 
| [Video Statistic Overview for Council Term: 12](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/472?replyIdx=4) | 06.07.21 - 13.07.21 | On-chain forum | 
| [Video Statistic Overview for Council Term: 13](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/472?replyIdx=5) | 13.07.21 - 20.07.21 | On-chain forum | 
| [Video Statistic Overview for Council Term: 14](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/472?replyIdx=6) | 20.07.21 - 27.07.21 | On-chain forum | 

## Summary

Content Curator Lead `1048-Igrex`

### Note

1. All reports have been approved by council via `text proposal`
2. According to [Reporting Requirements](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/rules/Content_Curator_WG_Lead-Tasks_Reporting_Requirements.md#how-to-submit-a-report) `Igrex` must submit weekly reports to the `community-repo` repository via `Pull Request`. He never did it. 
3. When `Igrex` became a consil member, he began to do `Content Curator Lead Report (Statistics)`
4. Reports for scoring period 7 and 9 not provided on Github
5. Report for scoring period 10 provided like [commit](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/commit/f396ff7e03e3f30febf5b438f26a98f7127d0f23)
6. Report for scoring period 11 provided like [PR with wrong path](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/pull/266)
7. All reports for scoring periods provided via unreadable format on Github

### Compare with [Content Curator WG Lead - Tasks + Reporting Requirements](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/rules/Content_Curator_WG_Lead-Tasks_Reporting_Requirements.md)

1. Frequency - 1 week. Done
2. Curator Lead requested provide one report once a week. Instead, he provided 3 reports in different places:
- weekly report on forum only - [example](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=9)
- scoring report once a 2 week:
   - on forum - [example](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=8)
   - on Github checked videos sheet - [example](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/workinggroup-reports/curator_group/curator_Lead_Report_SP%236.csv)
- statistic overview on forum only - [example](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/472?replyIdx=2)
3. Create `text proposal` for approve by the council. Done
4. Not provided weekly report on Github
5. Not provide OKR at time. And not report for workers OKR

### Compare with [Helpdesk](https://github.com/Joystream/helpdesk/tree/master/roles/content-curators)

Curator Lead

1. During his term `Igrex` hire and fire workers, was active on Discord, changed workers reward, changed featured videos
2. Replenished Content Working Group Mint
3. Had big delays in bounty 18. BM not answered many days
4. Assigned BM for Bounty 10 and 16 (BM for Bounty 10 is not a curator worker)

Curator Workers

1. Checked all upload videos and create a [sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LMYztVNw6za31H5OZBA8zX8OEv09fqDSUnkRYYacDYU/edit#gid=0)
2. Found all [duplicates](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LMYztVNw6za31H5OZBA8zX8OEv09fqDSUnkRYYacDYU/edit#gid=2048884930)
3. Warn videos in forum [thread](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/329)
4. Censored 8 videos
5. Video licenses were not checked, which led to the closure of Bounty 10

Content Curator WG usually just watch the uploaded videos. If the video without thubnails or does not play, the curators leave a message on the forum and in the table. Bounty 10 checked by Ruslan#4019 (not curator worker). Bounty 18 - was a big delay.

### Performance for the Lead

At least 70% of the work he did

### Performance for the Workers

- `leet_joy` < 30% (checked few videos, does not appear on Discord)

- `meskalin` < 30% (checked few videos, does not appear on Discord)

- `prontera` around 50%

- `lyazufey1812` 100% (super active person)

- `kiraa` 50% (was active, BM for Bounty 18. But now does not answer many days)

- `mmsaww` 100% (active person, now BM for Bounty 16)

### Suggestion for the path forward

According to [WG Lead Term Limits](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/rules/WG_Lead_Term_Limits.md) Lead's term soon ends. 

There is a proposal to leave `Igrex` as content curator. He had a good time. But we need to make way for new candidates

Commit message:

Add Report Lead for Scoring Period 12

workinggroup-reports/curator_group/Performance_of_Curator_Lead_1048-Igrex.md, after:

# Performance of Curator Lead `1048-Igrex`

## Provided Reports

| Links           | Date       | Note
|---------------------|---------|----------|
| [curator_Lead_Report_SP#6.csv](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/workinggroup-reports/curator_group/curator_Lead_Report_SP%236.csv) | 09 May 2021 | Checked videos (period 6)| 
| [curator_Lead_Report_SP#6.md](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/workinggroup-reports/curator_group/curator_Lead_Report_SP%236.md)   | 09 May 2021  | Report Github |
| [curator_Lead_Report_SP#8.csv](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/workinggroup-reports/curator_group/curator_Lead_Report_SP%238.csv) | 20 June 2021 | Checked videos (period 8) |
| [curator_working_group_evaluation.md](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/workinggroup-reports/curator_group/curator_working_group_evaluation.md) | 09 May 2021 | Report Github |
| [Report Lead Curator Group for Scoring Period 6](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?replyIdx=2) | 26.04.2021 - 09.05.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Curator Working Group Report 1](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=3) | 10.05.2021 - 16.05.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Curator Working Group Report 2](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=5) | 10.05.2021 - 16.05.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Report Lead Curator Group for Scoring Period 7](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=5) | 26.04.2021 - 09.05.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 3](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=6) | 24.05.2021 - 30.05.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 4](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=7) | 31.05.2021 - 06.06.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Report Lead Curator Group for Scoring Period 8](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=8) | 24.05.2021 - 06.06.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 5](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=9) | 07.05.2021 - 13.06.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 6](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=10) | 14.05.2021 - 20.06.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Report Lead Curator Group for Scoring Period 9](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=11) | 07.06.2021 - 20.06.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 7](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=12) | 21.06.2021 - 27.06.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 8](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=13) | 28.06.2021 - 04.07.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Report Lead Curator Group for Scoring Period 10](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=14) | 21.06.2021 - 04.07.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 9](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=16) | 05.07.2021 - 11.07.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 10](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=17) | 12.07.2021 - 18.07.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Report Lead Curator Group for Scoring Period 11](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=18) | 05.07.2021 - 18.07.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 11](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=19) | 19.07.2021 - 25.07.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Weekly Curator Working Group Report 12](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=20) | 26.07.2021 - 01.08.2021 | On-chain forum |
| [Report Lead Curator Group for Scoring Period 12](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=18) | 05.07.2021 - 18.07.2021 | On-chain forum |

## Content Curator Lead Report (Statistics)

| Links           | Date       | Note
|---------------------|---------|----------|
| [Video Statistic Overview for Council Term: 10](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/472?replyIdx=1) | 22.06.21 - 29.06.21 | On-chain forum | 
| [Video Statistic Overview for Council Term: 11](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/472?replyIdx=2) | 29.06.21 - 03.07.21 | On-chain forum | 
| [Video Statistic Overview for Council Term: 12](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/472?replyIdx=4) | 06.07.21 - 13.07.21 | On-chain forum | 
| [Video Statistic Overview for Council Term: 13](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/472?replyIdx=5) | 13.07.21 - 20.07.21 | On-chain forum | 
| [Video Statistic Overview for Council Term: 14](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/472?replyIdx=6) | 20.07.21 - 27.07.21 | On-chain forum | 

## Summary

Content Curator Lead `1048-Igrex`

### Note

1. All reports have been approved by council via `text proposal`
2. According to [Reporting Requirements](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/rules/Content_Curator_WG_Lead-Tasks_Reporting_Requirements.md#how-to-submit-a-report) `Igrex` must submit weekly reports to the `community-repo` repository via `Pull Request`. He never did it. 
3. When `Igrex` became a consil member, he began to do `Content Curator Lead Report (Statistics)`
4. Reports for scoring period 7 and 9 not provided on Github
5. Report for scoring period 10 provided like [commit](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/commit/f396ff7e03e3f30febf5b438f26a98f7127d0f23)
6. Report for scoring period 11 provided like [PR with wrong path](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/pull/266)
7. Report for scoring period 12 provided like [PR](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/pull/269)
8. All reports for scoring periods provided via unreadable format on Github

### Compare with [Content Curator WG Lead - Tasks + Reporting Requirements](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/rules/Content_Curator_WG_Lead-Tasks_Reporting_Requirements.md)

1. Frequency - 1 week. Done
2. Curator Lead requested provide one report once a week. Instead, he provided 3 reports in different places:
- weekly report on forum only - [example](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=9)
- scoring report once a 2 week:
   - on forum - [example](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/335?page=1&replyIdx=8)
   - on Github checked videos sheet - [example](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/workinggroup-reports/curator_group/curator_Lead_Report_SP%236.csv)
- statistic overview on forum only - [example](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/472?replyIdx=2)
3. Create `text proposal` for approve by the council. Done
4. Not provided weekly report on Github
5. Not provide OKR at time. And not report for workers OKR

### Compare with [Helpdesk](https://github.com/Joystream/helpdesk/tree/master/roles/content-curators)

Curator Lead

1. During his term `Igrex` hire and fire workers, was active on Discord, changed workers reward, changed featured videos
2. Replenished Content Working Group Mint
3. Had big delays in bounty 18. BM not answered many days
4. Assigned BM for Bounty 10 and 16 (BM for Bounty 10 is not a curator worker)

Curator Workers

1. Checked all upload videos and create a [sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LMYztVNw6za31H5OZBA8zX8OEv09fqDSUnkRYYacDYU/edit#gid=0)
2. Found all [duplicates](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1LMYztVNw6za31H5OZBA8zX8OEv09fqDSUnkRYYacDYU/edit#gid=2048884930)
3. Warn videos in forum [thread](https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/threads/329)
4. Censored 8 videos
5. Video licenses were not checked, which led to the closure of Bounty 10

Content Curator WG usually just watch the uploaded videos. If the video without thubnails or does not play, the curators leave a message on the forum and in the table. Bounty 10 checked by Ruslan#4019 (not curator worker). Bounty 18 - was a big delay.

### Performance for the Lead

At least 70% of the work he did

### Performance for the Workers

- `leet_joy` < 30% (checked few videos, does not appear on Discord)

- `meskalin` < 30% (checked few videos, does not appear on Discord)

- `prontera` around 50%

- `lyazufey1812` 100% (super active person)

- `kiraa` 50% (was active, BM for Bounty 18. But now does not answer many days)

- `mmsaww` 100% (active person, now BM for Bounty 16)

### Suggestion for the path forward

According to [WG Lead Term Limits](https://github.com/Joystream/community-repo/blob/master/rules/WG_Lead_Term_Limits.md) Lead's term soon ends. 

There is a proposal to leave `Igrex` as content curator. He had a good time. But we need to make way for new candidates
