README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Joystream Community Repo<h1>
</div>
<div align="center">
  <h3>A repo for community reports, tools and contributions.<h3>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <h4>
    <a href="/council-reports">
    Council Reports
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="/tokenomics-reports">
    Tokenomics Reports
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="/community-contributions">
    Community Contributions
    </a>
    </a>
  </h4>
</div>

Table of Contents
--

<!-- TOC START min:1 max:3 link:true asterisk:false update:true -->
- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Workflow](#workflow)
    - [KPI Related Submissions](#kpi-related-submissions)
    - [Individual Submissions](#individual-submissions)
    - [Jsgenesis Submissions](#jsgenesis-submissions)
    - [Revisions & Improvements of Submissions](#revisions--improvements-of-submissions)
  - [Current Directories](#current-directories)
    - [`council-reports`](#council-reports)
    - [`community-contributions`](#community-contributions)
    - [`tokenomics-reports`](#tokenomics-reports)
    - [`submission-log`](#submission-log)
<!-- TOC END -->

# Overview

The Joystream Community Repo is meant both as a resource for the community members of the Joystream project, and a place to submit their work or contributions.

If a KPI requires submitting a deliverable, eg. reports or some code, it is expected that a PR is made to this repo in order to qualify.

Although the community is meant to control the repo, Jsgenesis will approve and merge any pull requests for now. Note that the repo is licensed under [GPLv3](/LICENSE).

## Workflow

The workflow for changing the repo depends on the reason and purpose behind the change.
A consistent part is for the contributor to fork the repo, and create a pull request to the applicable branch.

### KPI Related Submissions
When a KPI requires a deliverable to be successful, the following steps must be made:
- A pull request is made to the master branch.
- A proposal is made to the [Joystream testnet](https://testnet.joystream.org/).
  - The proposal (`Text`, or in some cases, `Spending`) contains a link to the PR and other relevant information
  - When (if) the proposal is voted through, @bwhm and @blrhc is tagged
  - The time of the latest commit will be used as the time of submission
- The PR is reviewed, and as long as it does not contain anything malicious or does not comply with license, it is merged.
- The submission is added to the `Submission Log`

### Individual Submissions
If the deliverable is made by an individual, eg. for an existing or upcoming funding proposal, the following steps must be made:
- A pull request is made to the community branch, in a new folder within the `Community Contributions` directory.
  - Example: `Bot project - Author Name`
- A proposal is made to the [Joystream testnet](https://testnet.joystream.org/).
  - The proposal (`Text`, or in some cases, `Spending`) contains a link to the PR and other relevant information.
  - When (if) the proposal is voted through, @bwhm and @blrhc is tagged
- The PR is reviewed, and as long as it does not contain anything malicious or does not comply with the license of the repo, it is merged.
- The submission is added to the `Submission Log`

### Jsgenesis Submissions
If a member of the Jsgenesis team wants to make changes to the repo, the following steps must be taken:
- A pull request is made to the master branch
- A `Text` proposal is made to the [Joystream testnet](https://testnet.joystream.org/).
  - The proposal contains a link to the PR and other relevant information
  - When (if) the proposal is voted through, the PR is merged.
- The submission is added to the `Submission Log`

### Revisions & Improvements of Submissions
It is likely in the future we will have to accomodate revisions and improvements of previous submissions. This process will be refined when this becomes a necessary task.

## Current Directories
### `council-reports`
This folder can be used for creating council reports. The council reports submitted should be formatted in the following way:
`Council Round #n - DD/MM/YYYY - Council Report.md`
### `community-contributions`
This folder can be used for community coded bots and projects and anything that doesn't fit elsewhere. Each submission should be in a unique folder within this directory.
### `tokenomics-reports`
This folder can be used for creating tokenomics reports, tokenomics reports are to be submitted during each `Council Round`. The tokenomics reports submitted should be formatted in the following way:
`Council Round #n - DD/MM/YYYY - Tokenomics Report.md`
### `submission-log`
This folder can be used for maintaining a log of submissions. If the testnet is started from fresh, a new file should be made.
Each entry in the log should include the Joystream username of the submission, a link to the proposal, a link to the PR and the amount of tokens awarded to the user (if applicable).
`#1 - Rome Testnet - Community Repo Submission Log.md`

Commit message:

Add explanation of Community Bounties system
Added an explanation and links to explain the community bounty system.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Joystream Community Repo<h1>
</div>
<div align="center">
  <h3>A repo for community reports, tools and contributions.<h3>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <h4>
    <a href="/council-reports">
    Council Reports
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="/tokenomics-reports">
    Tokenomics Reports
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="/community-contributions">
    Community Contributions
    </a>
        <span> | </span>
    <a href="/submission-log">
    Submission Log
    </a>
  </h4>
</div>

Table of Contents
--

<!-- TOC START min:1 max:3 link:true asterisk:false update:true -->
- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Community Bounties](#community-bounties)
  - [Workflow](#workflow)
    - [KPI Related Submissions](#kpi-related-submissions)
    - [Individual Submissions](#individual-submissions)
    - [Jsgenesis Submissions](#jsgenesis-submissions)
    - [Revisions & Improvements of Submissions](#revisions--improvements-of-submissions)
  - [Current Directories](#current-directories)
    - [`council-reports`](#council-reports)
    - [`community-contributions`](#community-contributions)
    - [`tokenomics-reports`](#tokenomics-reports)
    - [`submission-log`](#submission-log)
<!-- TOC END -->

# Overview

The Joystream Community Repo is meant both as a resource for the community members of the Joystream project, and a place to submit their work or contributions.

If a KPI requires submitting a deliverable, eg. reports or some code, it is expected that a PR is made to this repo in order to qualify.

Although the community is meant to control the repo, Jsgenesis will approve and merge any pull requests for now. Note that the repo is licensed under [GPLv3](/LICENSE).

## Community Bounties

Community Bounties are bounties made available for the community to work on, with a reward available for completing some or all of the work for each bounty. Bounties are created by Jsgenesis and managed by the council. The bounties can be for a variety of tasks including coding, producing documentation or producing media content. Community Bounties are submitted via a proposal on the platform and may also include a Pull Request within this repo.

The forum is the primary place for discussion of bounties, and you can look through the "Joystream Bounties" forum category for more details about current bounties. Each time a new bounty is added there will be a forum thread created for discussion of the bounty: https://testnet.joystream.org/#/forum/categories/10

If you have questions about a bounty or want to apply for a bounty, you should primarily use the forum. but you can also ask on Telegram. If you plan to work on a bounty, you should let others know this via the forum so that multiple people do not work on the same thing.

You can read more about Community Bounties on the Joystream Helpdesk repo: https://github.com/Joystream/helpdesk/tree/master/roles/builders#community-bounties

## Workflow

The workflow for changing the repo depends on the reason and purpose behind the change.
A consistent part is for the contributor to fork the repo, and create a pull request to the applicable branch.

### KPI Related Submissions
When a KPI requires a deliverable to be successful, the following steps must be made:
- A pull request is made to the master branch.
- A proposal is made to the [Joystream testnet](https://testnet.joystream.org/).
  - The proposal (`Text`, or in some cases, `Spending`) contains a link to the PR and other relevant information
  - When (if) the proposal is voted through, @bwhm and @blrhc is tagged
  - The time of the latest commit will be used as the time of submission
- The PR is reviewed, and as long as it does not contain anything malicious or does not comply with license, it is merged.
- The submission is added to the `Submission Log`

### Individual Submissions
If the deliverable is made by an individual, eg. for an existing or upcoming funding proposal, the following steps must be made:
- A pull request is made to the community branch, in a new folder within the `Community Contributions` directory.
  - Example: `Bot project - Author Name`
- A proposal is made to the [Joystream testnet](https://testnet.joystream.org/).
  - The proposal (`Text`, or in some cases, `Spending`) contains a link to the PR and other relevant information.
  - When (if) the proposal is voted through, @bwhm and @blrhc is tagged
- The PR is reviewed, and as long as it does not contain anything malicious or does not comply with the license of the repo, it is merged.
- The submission is added to the `Submission Log`

### Jsgenesis Submissions
If a member of the Jsgenesis team wants to make changes to the repo, the following steps must be taken:
- A pull request is made to the master branch
- A `Text` proposal is made to the [Joystream testnet](https://testnet.joystream.org/).
  - The proposal contains a link to the PR and other relevant information
  - When (if) the proposal is voted through, the PR is merged.
- The submission is added to the `Submission Log`

### Revisions & Improvements of Submissions
It is likely in the future we will have to accomodate revisions and improvements of previous submissions. This process will be refined when this becomes a necessary task.

## Current Directories
### `council-reports`
This folder can be used for creating council reports. The council reports submitted should be formatted in the following way:
`Council Round #n - DD/MM/YYYY - Council Report.md`
### `community-contributions`
This folder can be used for community coded bots and projects and anything that doesn't fit elsewhere. Each submission should be in a unique folder within this directory.
### `tokenomics-reports`
This folder can be used for creating tokenomics reports, tokenomics reports are to be submitted during each `Council Round`. The tokenomics reports submitted should be formatted in the following way:
`Council Round #n - DD/MM/YYYY - Tokenomics Report.md`
### `submission-log`
This folder can be used for maintaining a log of submissions. If the testnet is started from fresh, a new file should be made.
Each entry in the log should include the Joystream username of the submission, a link to the proposal, a link to the PR and the amount of tokens awarded to the user (if applicable).
`#1 - Rome Testnet - Community Repo Submission Log.md`
